Compactor Blog Post Updates (#3)
DomGarguilo/accumulo-website: _posts/blog/2024-04-09-does-a-compactor-return-memory-to-OS.md

---

## Goal

> We need to determine, once an Accumulo process is finished using memory, will the JVM release this unused memory back to the OS? To determine this, we we specifically be testing the Compactor process, but the findings could apply to any Accumulo Server process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to determine, once an Accumulo process is finished using memory, will the JVM release this unused memory back to the OS? To determine this, we will specifically be observing a Compactor process during out tests, but the findings should apply to any Accumulo Server process.
```
